Update mimir-prometheus (#10033)
grafana/mimir: CHANGELOG.md

* [BUGFIX] Fix issue where active series requests error when encountering a stale posting. #9580
* [BUGFIX] Fix pooling buffer reuse logic when `-distributor.max-request-pool-buffer-size` is set. #9666
* [BUGFIX] Fix issue when using the experimental `-ruler.max-independent-rule-evaluation-concurrency` feature, where the ruler could panic as it updates a running ruleset or shutdowns. #9726

> * [BUGFIX] Always return unknown hint for first sample in non-gauge histogram chunk to avoid incorrect counter reset hints when merging chunks from different sources. #10033

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
* [BUGFIX] Always return unknown hint for first sample in non-gauge native histograms chunk to avoid incorrect counter reset hints when merging chunks from different sources. #10033
```
